Fixed nginx error while running OVMS without rest port defined (#2283)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: extras/nginx-mtls-auth/README.md

In this image, wrapper script is being executed by container-friendly init system (`dumb-init` was selected as an example). It is responsible for providing compatible command-line interface for Model Server CLI, while transparently exposing only encrypted endpoints.
When started, it parses command line options and adjusts both NGINX and Model Server execution parameters, then runs both processes and tracks their progress. Model Server process is running as a non-privileged user `ovms`, but initially `root` is being used to perform administrative actions.

> GRPC over mTLS is always exposed; REST is exposed when usual `--rest_port` parameter is passed as an command argument to the model server and is required by NGINX mTLS module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although `--rest_port` is an optional parameter in regular model server deployment, it is required when running with NGINX mTLS module.  Such setup exposes both gRPC and REST APIs over mTLS.
```
